Hey, Mrs. Sun, where are you going?
Oh, I'm hungry and I'm going to find someone to eat.
Oh, the room is over there, but I haven't given it over here.
Let's go to the residential area.
Why didn't you give in?
Does the Jiang family still have access to land?
Uh, not into the ground.
This is the second young master's room.
Jiang Yuhui?
The second young master doesn't like others touching his things.
You can't enter his room without his permission.
I don’t even like passing by. Didn’t look.
So mysterious?
Besides Jiang Mian, is there another surveillance maniac?
The second young master likes peace and quiet.
We can’t even enter the house to clean.
You can only wipe the door from the outside. OK
Then I won’t embarrass you.
I went outside to find something to eat.
This is also hard to think of to frustrate me.
He wants to harm Jiang Mian